[CloudPC]Add partner agent installation status and graph api for retry partner agent (#18829)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/cloudpc-retrypartneragentinstallation.md

---
title: "cloudPC: retryPartnerAgentInstallation"
description: "Attempt to re-install party partner agents in a Cloud PC which were failed to install."
author: "JannyMa"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# cloudPC: retryPartnerAgentInstallation

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Attempt to re-install party partner agents in a Cloud PC which were failed to install.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->

``` http
POST /deviceManagement/virtualEndpoint/cloudPCs/{id}/retryPartnerAgentInstallation
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

> |Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

Reviewer: Remove this line as this action doesn't pass any json body to backend.

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

#### Request

The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "cloudpc_retrypartneragentinstallation"
}
-->

``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/deviceManagement/virtualEndpoint/cloudPCs/831dd62e-cfa1-4d49-a3b4-58d4e9920f8e/retryPartnerAgentInstallation
```

> # [C#](#tab/csharp)

Reviewer: Please remove this part line 71 - 93. As these scripts will be automatically generated by tool after this PR gets merged. We don't need to add them manually.

---
title: "cloudPC: retryPartnerAgentInstallation"

> description: "Attempt to re-install party partner agents in a Cloud PC which were failed to install."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Attempts to re-install party partner agents in a Cloud PC failed to install."
```

author: "JannyMa"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# cloudPC: retryPartnerAgentInstallation

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Attempts to re-install party partner agents in a Cloud PC failed to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retry installation for the partner agents which failed to install on the Cloud PC. Service side will check which agent installation failed firstly and retry.
```

> Attempt to re-install party partner agents in a Cloud PC which were failed to install.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attempts to re-install party partner agents in a Cloud PC failed to install.
```
